README for CC Mode 5.31
Current maintainers: Martin Stjernholm and Alan Mackenzie
Contact address    : bug-cc-mode@gnu.org

INTRODUCTION

    The canonical web location for all knowledge CC Mode is:

	<http://cc-mode.sourceforge.net/>

    Please read the cc-mode.texi manual for details on using CC Mode.
    This is available on-line from:

        <http://cc-mode.sourceforge.net/cc-mode.html>

    As of this writing (November 18, 2005), CC Mode currently works
    out of the box with XEmacs versions 21.4 and later, and with Emacs
    versions 20.4 and later, 21.x and 22.x.  (It will very likely work
    with later versions too, when they become available.)

    Note that with CC Mode 5.31, we have finally dropped support for
    Emacs 19.34 and XEmacs 19.15.  CC Mode 5.31 _won't_ work with
    these old versions.  Upgrade them now!

    Currently, the new Subword Mode doesn't work in Emacs 20.n.

MORE INFORMATION

    Check out the CC Mode web site for the latest information,
    updates, tips, installation and compatibility notes, etc. on using
    CC Mode.  The installation instructions given below are an excerpt
    of the on-line instructions.  If you have problems installing CC
    Mode, please check out the URL above before submitting a bug
    report.  Thanks!

    The MANIFEST file contains a description of all the files you
    should have gotten with this distribution.

MANUALS

    Preformatted versions of the manual in DVI, PostScript, and Info,
    are all available at the CC Mode web page.  The Info manual has
    two variants, one for GNU Emacs, the other for XEmacs - the only
    differences between them are the targets of some cross references
    within the manual.

    To build the manual yourself, you will need Texinfo 4.7 or later.
    Simply type:

        % makeinfo cc-mode.texi                   # For GNU Emacs
    or
        % makeinfo -DXEMACS cc-mode.texi          # For XEmacs

    To make the DVI version, type:

        % texi2dvi cc-mode.texi

INSTALLATION

    Here is a quick guide for installing CC Mode.  For the latest
    information on installing CC Mode, please see the CC Mode web site
    given above.

  Byte Compiling

    It is highly recommended that you byte-compile CC Mode for
    performance reasons.  Running CC Mode non-byte-compiled is not
    supported.

    You can compile CC Mode in the same way as any other package.  To
    compile it from a running (X)Emacs session:

        M-0 M-x byte-recompile-directory RET /path/to/cc-mode RET

    To compile CC Mode from the shell:

        % cd /path/to/cc-mode
        % $(EMACS) -batch -no-site-file -q -f batch-byte-compile cc-*.el

    where $(EMACS) is either emacs or xemacs depending on the flavor
    you use.  Note that the byte compiled files from one version of
    (X)Emacs are likely not to work on a different version - compile
    them fresh when you upgrade your (X)Emacs version.

  Installing

    Put the compiled files somewhere (X)Emacs will find them, i.e. in
    some path that's in the load-path variable.  You must make sure
    they are found before any CC Mode files which are distributed with
    (X)Emacs.  A directory has higher precendence than all directories
    after it in the load-path list.

    If you're going to be using AWK Mode, insert the following line
    into your .emacs or init.el file:

        (autoload 'awk-mode "cc-mode" nil t)

    This will cause (X)Emacs to use the new AWK Mode for AWK files,
    rather than the older mode contained in the file awk-mode.elc.
    (See also the note below under "Compatibility Issues".)

    To test that you have things set up correctly, visit a C file and
    then type:

        M-x c-version RET
        => Using CC Mode version 5.XX

    where XX is the correct minor revision number.

  Compatibility Issues

    CC Mode should work fine with most versions of Emacs and XEmacs
    which aren't ancient (see the introduction above).

    If you're using AWK, you can verify that you've got Emacs set up
    to use CC Mode for AWK files by displaying the mode documentation
    string with C-h m from an AWK buffer.  The current mode's doc
    string contains "to submit a problem report, enter `C-c C-b'" near
    the top of the doc string where the obsolete awk-mode.el has "This
    is much like C mode except ....".

    For more details about interactions with different packages, see
    the CC Mode web page.
